Leija Farr: "Black Lives Matter? What about
all lives? All lives matter." That's what
people always say. Your cries for help don’t
matter, basically, that’s what I hear.
Marci Owens: When you say “all lives matter”
you're kind of trying to avoid the problem
of race and you kind of don't want to talk
about race, so you’re trying to say
“all lives matter.”
Jerrell Davis: If you're offended by me saying
me and people that look like me matter,
why does that offend you? Why does that upset you?
Lucas Nydam: I think it's just probably a
combination of fragility and not really understanding
systemic racism, is why I think people respond
to that. And it's like I mean no one, no one,
like, no one's going to disagree that all
lives matter.
Mark Olsen: By default I think most people
say, “Well, if you're saying Black Lives
Matter, what about everybody else?” Honestly
I've yet to hear anybody say “white lives
matter” as the counter, it's “all lives
matter,” which is actually pretty inclusive
to other minorities as well.
Tariqa Waters: That's white privilege, “All
lives matter.” Of course all lives matter.
All lives aren't getting shot up in the streets
by the police!
Louis Chude-Sokei: I think that there are
people who genuinely did not know that Black
Lives Matter is specifically about police
violence and criminal incarceration. Or they
just saw the term, then said, “Oh, you're
privileging black lives above others.” Right,
and this a part of the larger discourse of
racism and white privilege, you know, for
example, “Why do you have African-American
History Month? Well, why don't we have a white-history
month?” Clearly there's a history that they
do not know or don't want to know.
Jerrell Davis: Like, we have to explain why
it's wrong that 12-year-olds are getting gunned down.
Why do I have to explain that to someone?
Mark Olsen: I see both sides of it. I understand
the idea that black lives matter. I understand.
I can't, I can't relate to that because I'm,
I'm not, I'm not black.
Keli Carender: I think that the Black Lives
Matter movement has some legitimate complaints.
Libertarians for decades have been pushing
criminal justice reform. But again I think
the way that it's been implemented has been
very anti-speech and anti-thought.
Mark: I think some people are frustrated at
you know, actually at the Black Lives Matter
movement because they don't, I think some
people perceive it as not being helpful. People
walking on the freeways and, and you know,
smashing things. They go, “How is that helpful?
How is that bringing us together as a community?
That's only dividing people.”
Greg Rickel: This is where Black Lives Matter
to me is so important, because they are attempting
to speak. And to have us listen. And instead
of us trying to jump to “all lives matter”
or you know, let's figure out – I think
it's just our place to listen and to try to
follow a little bit, too.
Cynthia Tee: I remember being really surprised
when it came up. “All lives matter.” Because
it's such an obvious thing that all lives
matter. But that's just not the point.
Rachael DeCruz: The way like, reframing like
that has been used is a way to kind of not
have the conversation about race, and to not
have a conversation about how black people
in this country are being treated, and how
we're, how we allow ourselves to live with that.
Darrell Hillaire: You see their response to
it, it’s like viewed as a threat. Instead
of saying “Yeah, you're right, you know,
those things are wrong and in this history
there's a lot of things wrong.” It's easier just
to say, “Well, all lives matter.”
Michael DIxon: They figure that they need
to add that addendum, not to strengthen the
idea, but to dilute it.
Jerrell: I can't believe that anyone that,
that responds to Black Lives Matter with
“all lives matter” truly believes that all lives
matter. Because if you did, you'd be sitting
here. You'd be protesting with us. Black Lives
Matter does not stand in isolation. It's not
something that was created out of thin air.
Black Lives Matter comes from the civil-rights
movement. It comes from the continued pursuit
of equitable treatment for people of color,
all people of color.
Michael: When you say "Black Lives Matter"
you're saying "all lives matter."